NeoCD/SDL 0.3.1
---------------
NeoCD/SDL is a port of NeoCD using SDL libraries.
SDL parts written by Fosters(2001,2003-2004).

Original NeoCD(Dos Version) by Martinez Fabrice

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


Whats New in 0.3.1
------------------
-Fixed broken 2nd player joystick handling
-Fixed broken loading screen between levels of KOF.


Whats New in 0.3.0
------------------
-C based 68000 Emulation core
-Uses SDL for sound (Thanks to Mathieu Peponas)
-Much Improved sound emulation
-x86 assembly free (optional - should be easier to port to non x86 systems)!
-Keyboard controls for player 2 follow mame default. 
 (So I hope this is ok for hotrod users)
-BeOS cd autodetection
-Many source cleanups/speedups



Whats New in 0.2.0
------------------
-Linux Port  (finally!!!)
-Uses 512k bios image now.


After deciding to have a look at getting the linux port to run again, I
finally cracked it thanks to my new best friend the GNU debugger.

It had nothing to do with the 68k core after all.

If you are happy running 0.1.8 on windows there is probably no point in
updating.



Whats New in 0.1.8
------------------
Found what I had broke that broke Samurai Spirits RPG and fixed it.
The emulator detects its Samurai Spirits and loads patch.prg.

Martinez was right, in his source comment that it's a really dirty fix to 
get it going. But hey it works :) 
(Now if only someone would translate the game so I can play it)

In other news:
Ive been working on linux port lately, I can get it to link correctly now.  
There are a few minor changes necessary to get it to compile.

Unfortunately when running NeoCD on linux the 68k core causes the program to 
seg fault.

Fosters


Whats New in 0.1.7
------------------
Fixed animated sprites.  Now water in MSlug works as does rainy stage and other
bits in kof99.  It should have worked to begin with but I stupidly stripped out
the code for it thinking it was something to do with the fps counter.

Changed Neogeo resolution to 304x224.  This matches MAME neogeo res and stops 
ugly clipping problems from appearing at the screen edges in scrolling games, 
but does introduce a black border on the screen.

Added 50% scanlines.

Added Frameskip option. F3 increases frameskip by 1 upto 10. 
(F2 always resets it in case you lose count)

Quick Hack- SFX Disable (F4) (to reenable restart emu)
Speeds up emu considerably.

Fixed CD Audio looping(ie it wasnt when it should have).

Window Icon

Enabled mouse exit events.


Whats New in 0.1.6
-----------------
MMX ASM versions of 2xsai and eagle, using the code by Derek Liauw Kie Fa thats 
included in Snes9x.  These babies are only slightly slower than 2x and 
2xscanlines now(actually on my 650 you cant tell the difference) :)

The only problem with the new code is that some pixels generated by 2xSaI are 
green(Eagle is fine).

CDAudio playing wrong track fixed.  Realised we were always playing the next 
track instead of the correct one(doh!), so deduct one from track number when 
calling the SDL play func.

Changed CD-ROM init code to choose first drive with a neogeo cd in it, rather 
than just first drive.  Cant test it though as my second drive wont recognise 
my neo cds.

Fosters  


Whats New in 0.1.5
------------------
Found+sqaushed CDROM bug that stopped MSlug2 working properly.  The bug was 
causing all file loads after the initial program load to fail.  Hopefully this 
will fix other games too.  Unfortunately in the long run this has really slowed 
progress as I just cant stop playing the damn game.

Another new feature added during the CDROM bug is the loading screen.  Ive 
actually edited the picture slightly, bringing the now loading text up by a 
couple of lines so that it fits in the 320x226 video_buffer, but you cant 
really tell the difference.

Added basic joystick support. For Now joystick 1=player1 joystick2=player2 and 
are set up for my sidewinders(A,B,C,X,Start,M=1,2,3,4,Start,Select respectively).  Unfortunately SDL1.2.1 seems to have broken joysticks so had to revert to SDL1.2.0 thus reintroducing the occasional Alt+Tab problem.

Added Super2xSaI and SuperEagle blitters by modifying code by Derek Liauw Kie Fa
and Robert J Ohannessian.  These are really!! slow, but look nice.

Dropped back to using one executable as Ive implemented fullscrenn and blitter 
cycling.  However 320x240 mode is disabled as my resolution switching code 
seemed to kill the program.

Fullscreen/Window switching.		Press F1 to toggle
Blitter cycling.			Press F2 to cycle through 2xScanlines, 
						2xSoftware, Super2xSaI, 
						SuperEagle, 1xCentred.
Numbered Screen shots(snapxxxx.bmp)	Press F12

Enjoy

Fosters




Whats New in 0.1.1
------------------
-3 executables one for 320x240 fullscreen, two 640x480 w/scanlines(fullscreen 
 and windowed).  Scanlines can slow things down quite a lot.
-sound via SEAL win32
-Using SDL.dll v1.2.1 fixes Alt-tab problem where game in windows mode would 
not go back to top.

This is just a quickly hacked together build using SEAL win32.  In the long run 
I still would like to move over to using SDL for sound, but I was feeling lazy 
so just used the SEAL libs to compile dos code.  Sound seems out of sync on 
Mslug2 but fine for pbobble.

If a game has a loading picture it displays it w/o scanlines so the game does 
not draw over it completely.  I cant be bothered to fix this right now.

Ive just got pbobble which does not have the sprite drawing probs of MSlug2.

Fosters.


NeoCD/SDL 0.1(First Release)
----------------------------

NeoCD/SDL is a stripped down NeoCD(ie no gui, config file, sound etc), but I 
will gradually readd stuff as NeoCD/SDL progresses. At the moment I've only 
done a windows compile, but this thing should compile(with only a little work) 
on pretty much any x86 system with SDL(the cpu cores may need to be updated).  
I will be ensuring its function on windows and linux only.  Though I may add 
optional C cores(not high priority) to increase portability.

This is only a test release, dont expect much to work.  (P1 keys are same as 
MAME, P2 undefined, ESC=quit)

I only have the one Neogeo CD (MSlug2) to test it with.  Currently the emu can 
get into the game, but it unplayable, you appear to fall through the floor and 
die instantly.  I dont know if this was a problem with the original NeoCD as I 
could never get it going due to my graphics card being incompatible(and is the 
reason I started this project in the first place)

As the original NeoCD(and therefore NeoCD/SDL) used a lot of MAME code NeoCD/SDL
probably falls under the MAME licence for graphics and sound code.  All other 
code is assumed to fall under some kind of free licence.

I am not contactable by email so please dont try.  Also dont ask me where you 
can obtain the NeoCD bios required to run any games.  But I will tell you that 
it is the same file that was required by the original NeoCD.

At the moment I dont really want to be associated with this project except 
under the nick "Fosters" as im not sure what my uni or future employer(s) will 
think of this.

Sound support could take me a little longer than this release did as Im not 
too familiar with the SDL sound libs or what is currently being used in NeoCD.

That about it for now.


Fosters(2001).
